readme.md, before:

PicSync Server
======================

PicSync automatically uploads photos you take on on your phone to a private online album. 
Later, when you log into facebook, the app notifies you of new photos allowing you to 
review them and post your favorites.

This is the server package. It's written in node.js to run on Heroku and S3.

Note: this project is no longer under active development.

To Do
-----
* Facebook login & posting
* Thumbnail creation
* Analytics
* Payment processing
* Landing page A/B testing


MIT License
------------

Copyright (c) 2011 Nathan Friedly - http://nfriedly.com

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Adding notice that this is no longer being developed or maintained

readme.md, after:

PicSync Server
======================

Notice: PicSync is no longer being developed or maintained, however, the existing code will remain free for anyone who wants to build on it or learn from it.

PicSync automatically uploads photos you take on on your phone to a private online album. 
Later, when you log into facebook, the app notifies you of new photos allowing you to 
review them and post your favorites.

This is the server package. It's written in node.js to run on Heroku and S3.

Note: this project is no longer under active development.

To Do
-----
* Facebook login & posting
* Thumbnail creation
* Analytics
* Payment processing
* Landing page A/B testing


MIT License
------------

Copyright (c) 2011 Nathan Friedly - http://nfriedly.com

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
